FARC's
[Applause]
chasing penguins is one of their
favorite pastimes
[Applause]
to the seals it's just a game they
normally prey on fish and squid but the
hum bolts aren't taking any chances
higher up the beach is a colony of sea
lions although they look just like fur
seals there are three times bigger and
they will kill penguins
there's also rather a lot of them
20,000 in all blocking the way to the
Penguins nest site
[Music]
crossing the blockade won't be easy
humble cam is already in the thick of it
as the first penguin tries his lot near
the shore sea lions are thin on the
ground
it seems surprisingly straightforward
[Music]
but nothing is ever that simple
it's so easy to put a foot wrong
but there's no turning back now
[Music]
their best chance is to run for their
lives
[Music]
fortunately for them sea lions are slow
and clumsy on land
the Penguins outmaneuver them every time
a close call then a bite
but he escapes with his life
as they scramble up the cliff another
penguin can records their achievement
you